Separate publiccloud variables (#14550)
os-autoinst/os-autoinst-distri-opensuse: variables.md

ZYPPER_WHITELISTED_ORPHANS | string | empty | Whitelist expected orphaned packages, do not fail if any are found. Upgrade scenarios are expecting orphans by default. Used by console/orphaned_packages_check.pm
PUBLIC_CLOUD_CONTAINER_IMAGES_REPO | string | | The Container images repository in CSP
PREPARE_TEST_DATA_TIMEOUT | integer | 300 | Download assets in the prepare_test_data module timeout

### Publiccloud specific variables

> The following variables are relevant for publiccloud related jobs. Keep in mind that variables that start with `_SECRET` are secret variables, visible only to the job while running but otherwise not exposed and e.g. not present in cloned jobs.

Reviewer: I don't understand the 'not present in cloned jobs' - maybe
```suggestion
The following variables are relevant for publiccloud related jobs. Keep in mind that variables that start with `_SECRET` are secret variables, visible only to the job while running but otherwise not exposed and e.g. not present in Settings and variables.json.
```

Reviewer 2: `visible only to the job while running` ? Really? in settings tab? then we have a problem... they should be really hidden ALL the times.

Author: If you clone a job, then the `_SECRET` variables are not present in the cloned one, right?

Author: Thanks for the input. Please read again, I updated this paragraph to make it clearer that those variables are

* Accessible by the job
* Invisible from the webui
* Not present in cloned jobs

I hope this makes it better now.

Reviewer 2: Much better now :)
